docs(testing/plan): add functional test plan (#596)
interledger/web-monetization-extension: docs/testing/testplan.md

We focus on functional test cases. The goal is to report bugs, issues or differences observed from the expected behavior.

## Audience

Any person interested in testing the beta release of the Web Monetization extension.

## Objectives

1. Validating that, once installed, users can configure Web Monetization settings on the extension.
2. Validating that once the extension is successfully connected to a digital wallet, a user is able to configure payments or disconnect from the wallet.
3. When the extension facilitates paying a monetized web page, check how payments get distributed between the receiving wallets on the page.

## Dependencies

### Digital Wallets

The main prerequisite for sending or receiving Web Monetization payments is to have a Web Monetization-enabled digital wallet. Web Monetization-enabled digital wallets are provided by licensed service providers. A wallet allows a user to send or receive Web Monetization payments. The wallet providers are regulated by the laws of the countries in which they operate.

Below is a list of the available wallet providers:

- [Fynbos](https://wallet.fynbos.app/wallet)

> - [GateHub](https://gatehub.net/mobile)

Author: Great point, thanks, and added.

| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------ |
| One valid monetization link tag                                                                                                                                                                                                             | No monetization link tags |
| Multiple valid monetization link tags with wallet addresses: <ul><li>from the same wallet providers</li><li>from different wallet providers</li><li>with different currencies</li><li>with some link tags enabled & some disabled</li></ul> | All disabled link tags    |

### Test Playground

Use the [Web Monetization playground](https://webmonetization.org/play/) to quickly and seamlessly create the conditions of a monetized website, to use only for testing. When you add wallet addresses or payment pointers to the playground, the playground becomes a monetized website that you can use the Web Monetization extension to pay

> On the playground, you can use real money from a real wallet, or you can use “play” money from a “play wallet”. The play wallet is an Interledger Test Wallet application that can be used to set up an account that is enabled for Web Monetization, and other Interledger functionality. You can learn more about the [Interledger Test Wallet here](https://rafiki.dev/integration/playground/testnet/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the playground, you can use real money from a real wallet, or you can use “play” money from a “test wallet”. The Interledger Test Wallet application can be used to set up an account that is enabled for Web Monetization, and other Interledger functionality, without involving “real money”. You can learn more about the [Interledger Test Wallet here](https://rafiki.dev/integration/playground/testnet/).
```

| R6   | Unable to control payments                                 | critical | <ul><li>Ability to control when, who & how much to pay</li></ul>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

#### Basic Test Cases

##### Connect to a wallet

**Test ID**: 1  
**Description**: Connect the extension to a Web Monetization enabled digital wallet
**Risk**: R2 (onboarding) and R5 (UX)  
**Preconditions**:

1. You have already downloaded and installed the Web Monetization extension.
2. Your digital wallet sign-up and account activation is complete (learn more from the [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites) section)

**Steps**:

1. Open the WM extension and copy the extension’s key.

> 2. Open the digital wallet, and load the extension’s key into the wallet.

Reviewer: This is soon going away. Might want to wait for https://github.com/interledger/web-monetization-extension/issues/613

Author: Instead of holding back this PR, let me suggest that we earmark an update to the test plan when the tasks for #613 are merged.

Reviewer 2: #613 is closed. Should this be updated?

3. From the digital wallet, find and copy the wallet address or payment pointer.
4. Open the WM extension, and enter the wallet address or payment pointer.

> 5. Enter the amount you want to make available to the extension from your wallet (the amount must be a positive value).

Reviewer: Validation is part of UX, no need to give specifics here I think.

```suggestion
5. Enter the amount you want to make available to the extension from your wallet.
```

6. Keep the option to renew monthly disabled.

**Expected results**:

> 1. The wallet owner receives an interaction prompt from their wallet to authorize the connection and access to the amount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The wallet owner receives an interaction prompt from their wallet to authorize the connection and access to the amount.
2. On accepting, you get shown the message "Your wallet is now successfully connected to the extension."
```

##### Pay one-time when extension and wallet have enough funds

**Test ID**: 3  
 **Description**: Send a one-time payment to a monetized website when the remaining balance for the extension is sufficient for the payment, and the wallet has sufficient funds  
 **Risk**: R3 (security of funds) and R6 (control my payments)  
 **Preconditions**:

1.  The extension is connected to your wallet.
2.  The extension has a positive remaining balance.
3.  Your wallet balance is equal to or greater than the extension’s remaining balance.

**Steps**:

1. Visit a monetized website. Refer to the [Test Data](#Test-Data) section to explore different WM conditions for websites.
2. Open the extension and make a one-time payment of an amount that falls within your remaining balance shown in the extension.
3. Visit a non-monetized website. Open the extension to observe its available options.

**Expected results**:  
 | Web monetized websites | Non monetized websites |
| :---------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- |
| Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick | Extension icon: active (full color), but with a red X |

> | Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>**Rate of pay slider**: rate of pay and currency on the left, the remaining balance of the extension is on the right side, and it decreased by the value of the one-time payment</li><li>**Amount**: the one-time payment amount field resets to zero</li><li>**“Send now” button**: clicking the button to send a one-time payment changes the text to “Payment successful” for a few seconds, then the text defaults back to “Send now” </li></ul> | Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>This website is not monetized</li></ul> |

Reviewer: Rate of pay slider is going away with https://github.com/interledger/web-monetization-extension/issues/568. Not sure if we should hold for that or update tests later.

Author: Instead of holding back this PR, I suggest that we rather earmark an update to the test plan when #568 gets merged.

Reviewer 2: #568 is closed. Should the info here be updated?

##### Pay one-time when wallet is out of funds

**Test ID**: 4  
**Description**: Send a one-time payment to a monetized website when the extension has a sufficient remaining balance but the wallet has insufficient funds  
**Info**: This can happen when, for example, other unrelated transactions reduce the funds available in your wallet after you connect the extension  
**Risk**: R3 (security of funds) and R6 (control my payments)  
**Preconditions**:

1. The extension is connected to your wallet.
2. The extension’s remaining balance is greater than the one-time payment you are going to make.
3. There are insufficient funds in your wallet for the one-time payment you want to make.

**Steps**:

1. Visit a monetized website. Refer to the [Test Data](#Test-Data) section to explore different WM conditions for websites.

> 2. Open the extension and make a one-time payment where the amount: <ol><li>Falls within your remaining balance shown in the extension.</li><li>Is higher than your wallet’s available balance.</li></ol>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the extension and make a one-time payment where the amount: 
   1. Falls within your remaining balance shown in the extension.
   1. Is higher than your wallet’s available balance.
```

# Web Monetization Extension Test Plan

## Introduction

The purpose of this document is to guide end-user testing of the Web Monetization browser extension.
We focus on functional test cases. The goal is to report bugs, issues or differences observed from the expected behavior.

## Audience

Any person interested in testing the beta release of the Web Monetization extension.

## Objectives

1. Validating that, once installed, users can configure Web Monetization settings on the extension.
2. Validating that once the extension is successfully connected to a digital wallet, a user is able to configure payments or disconnect from the wallet.
3. When the extension facilitates paying a monetized web page, check how payments get distributed between the receiving wallets on the page.

## Dependencies

### Digital Wallets

> The main prerequisite for sending or receiving Web Monetization payments is to have a Web Monetization-enabled digital wallet. Web Monetization-enabled digital wallets are provided by licensed service providers. A wallet allows a user to send or receive Web Monetization payments. The wallet providers are regulated by the laws of the countries in which they operate.

Reviewer 2: "A wallet allows a user to send or receive Web Monetization payments." This could come out, it's repeating the first sentence.

Below is a list of the available wallet providers if you want to use real money:

- [Fynbos](https://wallet.fynbos.app/wallet)
- [GateHub](https://gatehub.net/mobile)

Wallet availability in a specific country, or availability in particular currency depends on the wallet provider.  
Learn more about the providers for [Web Monetization compatible wallets here](https://webmonetization.org/docs/resources/op-wallets/).

#### Test Digital Wallet

You have the option to use “play” money from the [Interledger Test Wallet application](https://rafiki.money/).  
Here you can set up an account that is enabled for Web Monetization, and other Interledger functionality, without involving real money.

> You can learn more about the [Interledger Test Wallet here](https://rafiki.dev/integration/playground/testnet/).

Reviewer 2: This may not be the best place to link to. As a WM tester, it's sending me to a page that talks about trying out Rafiki. It doesn't give me any info about setting up a WM account. I might think you've sent me to the wrong place.

Author: Cool, that's a fair point, thanks Melissa.
I think we can safely eliminate the "You can learn more about..." sentence.

## Testing

### Environment and Software

The resources and tools that you will need to test Web Monetization depend on your desired role, and what you want to test.

> We’ve identified three roles you can play when using Web Monetization:

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: If the only role we are wanting people to play is that of a website visitor, I suggest removing all the other information about website owner and developer. You also don't really need the table if website owner is the only thing listed in it.

- Website visitor: Wants to pay websites that are web monetized
- Website owner: Wants to receive Web Monetization payments
- Web developer: Wants to explore Web Monetization functionality.

This test plan only focuses on the perspective of a website visitor.

| Role              | Hardware                    | Digital wallet                                                             | Environment & software                                                                                                    |
| :---------------- | :-------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| A website visitor | Any PC with internet access | A Web Monetization enabled digital wallet from which payments will be made | <ul><li>Any operating system (OS)</li> <li>A chromium-based Web browser (e.g. Chrome, Edge, Brave) or Firefox </li> </ul> |

### Reporting Issues

> 1. Use any screen recording application to record the steps and results of your testing.

Author: Yes, I had removed the Loom example on purpose. I felt like a specific example could signal a favourite app, in some way...I wasn't too keen for the docs to have an opinion...but, I've put the example back in...I don't feel very strongly about this.

2. Log bugs or issues, and monitor their status and resolution on GitHub [link](https://github.com/interledger/web-monetization-extension/issues).

### Prerequisites

> Before you start testing, sign-up for a wallet:

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that the prereqs are different for the Test wallet?

Author: Cool 👍🏾

1. The sign-up process depends on your digital wallet provider. Learn more from the [Dependencies](#Dependencies) section.
2. Your wallet provider will likely need to verify your identity (info: this is mandated by the laws of each country, or jurisdiction).
3. The identity verification process depends on your wallet provider, and your location (info: this can be within hours or days).
4. Once your wallet provider completes all sign-up and verification processes, you should be able to:  
   a. Setup and manage your wallet accounts, currencies, balances etc.  
   b. Obtain the wallet address or payment pointer for your digital wallet.

### Test Data

> This table describes the different ways that you can set up a website that is monetized, and a website that isn’t monetized, so that you can test the Web Monetization extension.

Reviewer 2: The tester isn't setting up any websites. "...different ways that you can set up a website that is monetized..." I don't know if a tester needs to know this information.

| One valid monetization link tag                                                                                                                                                                                                             | No monetization link tags |
| Multiple valid monetization link tags with wallet addresses: <ul><li>from the same wallet providers</li><li>from different wallet providers</li><li>with different currencies</li><li>with some link tags enabled & some disabled</li></ul> | All disabled link tags    |

### Test Playground

Use the [Web Monetization playground](https://webmonetization.org/play/) to quickly and seamlessly create the conditions of a monetized website, to use only for testing. When you add wallet addresses or payment pointers to the playground, the playground becomes a monetized website that you can use the Web Monetization extension to pay

On the playground, you can use real money from a real wallet, or you can use “play” money from a “test wallet”.

**Important**

> 1. The playground itself is not web monetized.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: "The playground itself is not web monetized. We do not receive any payments from you if you use this site."

2. The playground becomes monetized when you add one or more receiving wallet addresses to it.
3. If your Web Monetization extension is connected to a real wallet, then your extension will facilitate payments from your real wallet (i.e. real money).

> 4. Similarly, if your extension is connected to a play wallet (i.e. rafiki.money), then the extension facilitates payments using play money.

Reviewer 2: What happens if I add one play wallet address and one real wallet address to the playground?

Author: It depends on:
- the wallet that your extension is connected to;
- which of one those two your wallet is peered with...best case scenario, your wallet would be peered with only one, and so 50% of any payment the extension attempts can be successful (ref: Test ID 9)

5. If you add your own wallet address to the playground, and then use the extension to pay the playground, you are paying yourself.

### Functional Test Cases

These test cases are defined from the point of view of a website visitor that wants to use Web Monetization to pay.

#### Risk Areas

**Goal**: To lower the barriers to Web Monetization adoption.
**Approach**: Identify and prioritize risks to the adoption of the WM extension.
Based on these risks, the sections that follow will detail the actual test cases.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

> We use 4 risk priorities: `critical` | `high` | `medium` | `low`

Reviewer 2: Four are listed, but only criticals and highs are listed. Two suggestions: First, list them in order of importance with criticals appearing first. Second, if everything really is only critical or high, remove mention of medium and low.

Author: Cool, and done, thanks

2. Your digital wallet sign-up and account activation is complete (learn more from the [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites) section)

**Steps**:

1. Open the WM extension and copy the extension’s key.
2. Open the digital wallet, and load the extension’s key into the wallet.
3. From the digital wallet, find and copy the wallet address or payment pointer.
4. Open the WM extension, and enter the wallet address or payment pointer.
5. Enter the amount you want to make available to the extension from your wallet.
6. Keep the option to renew monthly disabled.

**Expected results**:

1. The wallet owner receives an interaction prompt from their wallet to authorize the connection and access to the amount.
2. On accepting, you get shown the message "Your wallet is now successfully connected to the extension."

##### Make continuous payments

**Test ID**: 2  
**Description**: Send continuous WM payments to a monetized website  
**Risk**: R3 (security of funds)  
**Preconditions**:

1. The extension is connected to your wallet.
2. The extension has a positive remaining balance.
3. Your wallet balance is equal to or greater than the extension’s remaining balance.

**Steps**:

> 1. Visit a monetized website. Refer to the [Test Data](#Test-Data) section to explore different WM conditions for websites.

Reviewer 2: I mentioned earlier that I didn't know how useful/helpful it was to have that Test Data section. I'm commenting here in case that section comes out. 

The less familiar a tester is with WM, the more I'm afraid that the test playground is going to be totally meaningless and confusing to them. Ideally, we want to mimic the conditions under which WM payments would be made. Which means the tester would simply go to a site. They wouldn't have to go to a test site and plug in 1+ wallet addresses. Just my 2 cents.

Author: Thanks Melissa. 
Please have a look at the revised **Test Data** section.
It's more explicit, and hopefully clearer about (1) websites that can be used during testing and (2) wallet addresses that a tester can use on the WM playground.

> 2. Visit a non-monetized website. Open the extension to observe its available options.

Reviewer 2: We should suggest a URL or site. Give them a little more direction. We could say "Visit a non-web monetized website, such as your favorite search engine."

> **Expected results**:

Reviewer 2: It would be nice, but not necessary, if we could include screenshots of what they should see in the extension.

| Opening the extension displays a **rate of pay** slider:<ul><li>On the left, the current hourly rate in the currency of the wallet.</li><li>The default is equivalent to 0.60 USD.</li><li>The remaining balance, updated in near real-time (i.e. every few seconds).</li></ul> | Opening the extension displays <ul><li>This website is not monetized.</li></ul> |

##### Pay one-time when extension and wallet have enough funds

**Test ID**: 3  
 **Description**: Send a one-time payment to a monetized website when the remaining balance for the extension is sufficient for the payment, and the wallet has sufficient funds  
 **Risk**: R3 (security of funds) and R6 (control my payments)  
 **Preconditions**:

1.  The extension is connected to your wallet.
2.  The extension has a positive remaining balance.
3.  Your wallet balance is equal to or greater than the extension’s remaining balance.

**Steps**:

> 1. Visit a monetized website. Refer to the [Test Data](#Test-Data) section to explore different WM conditions for websites.

Reviewer 2: Reminder that there's mention of Test Data here. Testers probably don't care about the different conditions if we're asking them to specifically visit a web monetized site.

Author: Yep, that's a fair point. I've updated the wording like this: 

> Visit a monetized website. The Test Data section lists monetized websites that you can visit.

2. Open the extension and make a one-time payment of an amount that falls within your remaining balance shown in the extension.
3. Visit a non-monetized website. Open the extension to observe its available options.

**Expected results**:  
 | Web monetized websites | Non monetized websites |
| :---------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- |
| Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick | Extension icon: active (full color), but with a red X |
| Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>**Rate of pay slider**: rate of pay and currency on the left, the remaining balance of the extension is on the right side, and it decreased by the value of the one-time payment</li><li>**Amount**: the one-time payment amount field resets to zero</li><li>**“Send now” button**: clicking the button to send a one-time payment changes the text to “Payment successful” for a few seconds, then the text defaults back to “Send now” </li></ul> | Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>This website is not monetized</li></ul> |

##### Pay one-time when wallet is out of funds

**Test ID**: 4  

> **Description**: Send a one-time payment to a monetized website when the extension has a sufficient remaining balance but the wallet has insufficient funds  

Reviewer 2: I wonder how difficult it will be for testers to set up this scenario. Because they'd have to spend/move the existing funds in their wallet. Also, Test ID 5 wants the wallet to have sufficient funds, so maybe 5 should come before 4.

Author: Alrighty, both points addressed, thanks!

**Preconditions**:

1. The extension is connected to your wallet.
2. The extension has a positive remaining balance.
3. Your wallet balance is equal to or greater than the extension’s remaining balance.

**Steps**:

1. Visit a monetized website. The [Test Data](#Test-Data) section lists monetized websites that you can visit.
2. Visit a non-web monetized website, such as your favorite search engine. Open the extension to observe its available options.

**Expected results**:

| Web monetized websites                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Non monetized websites                                                          |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Extension icon: active (full color), but with a red X                           |

Reviewer 2: Test ID 3 below shows an image for non web monetized websites. None of the other tables contain any other assets. Was this intentional?

# Web Monetization Extension Test Plan

## Introduction

The purpose of this document is to guide end-user testing of the Web Monetization browser extension.
We focus on functional test cases. The goal is to report bugs, issues or differences observed from the expected behavior.

## Audience

Any person interested in testing the beta release of the Web Monetization extension.

## Objectives

1. Validating that, once installed, users can configure Web Monetization settings on the extension.
2. Validating that once the extension is successfully connected to a digital wallet, a user is able to configure payments or disconnect from the wallet.

> 3. When the extension facilitates paying a monetized web page, check how payments get distributed between the receiving wallets on the page.

Reviewer 2: Objective 3 relates to an edge test case. I'm not sure if we should call it out here. Just pointing it out, you can do what you think makes the most sense 🙂

Author: That's a fair point. I reworded objective 3: 
> Validating that the behaviour of the extension meets expectations, and that it is correct when the extension facilitates paying a monetized web page.

## Dependencies

### Digital Wallets

The main prerequisite for sending or receiving Web Monetization payments is to have a Web Monetization-enabled digital wallet. Web Monetization-enabled digital wallets are provided by licensed service providers. The wallet providers are regulated by the laws of the countries in which they operate.

Below is a list of the available wallet providers if you want to use real money:

- [Fynbos](https://wallet.fynbos.app/wallet)
- [GateHub](https://gatehub.net/mobile)

Wallet availability in a specific country, or availability in particular currency depends on the wallet provider.  

> Learn more about the providers for [Web Monetization compatible wallets here](https://webmonetization.org/docs/resources/op-wallets/).

Reviewer: Avoiding links with text "here" to provide more descriptive links.

```suggestion
We maintain a list of [Web Monetization compatible wallets](https://webmonetization.org/docs/resources/op-wallets/).
```

#### Test Digital Wallet

> You have the option to use “play” money from the [Interledger Test Wallet application](https://rafiki.money/).  

Reviewer 2: Update URL to new test wallet URL

Author: Done, thank you

> Here you can set up an account that is enabled for Web Monetization, and other Interledger functionality, without involving real money.

Reviewer 2: (Suggestion) Here you can set up an account that is enabled for sending Web Monetization payments

Author: Cool & done

## Testing

### Environment and Software

> The resources and tools that you will need to test Web Monetization depend on your desired role, and what you want to test.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove references to desired roles since there's only one role covered in this test plan. I suggest removing the entire sentence on line 41, then editing line 42 to something like "This test plan covers scenarios where you, as a website visitor, want to pay web monetized sites."

Author: Done

This test plan only focuses on the perspective of a website visitor who Wants to pay websites that are web monetized.

1. Hardware: Any PC with internet access
2. Digital wallet: A Web Monetization enabled digital wallet from which payments will be made
3. Environment & software:  
   a. Any operating system (OS)

>    b. A chromium-based Web browser (e.g. Chrome, Edge, Brave) or Firefox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   b. A Chromium-based Web browser (e.g. Chrome, Edge, Vivaldi, Brave) or Firefox
```

### Reporting Issues

1. Use any screen recording application to record the steps and results of your testing (e.g. Loom, Camtasia etc.).

> 2. Log bugs or issues, and monitor their status and resolution on GitHub [link](https://github.com/interledger/web-monetization-extension/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. File bugs or other issues, and monitor their status and resolution on [GitHub](https://github.com/interledger/web-monetization-extension/issues).
```

3. Join the `#webmonetization` channel on [Slack](https://communityinviter.com/apps/interledger/interledger-working-groups-slack).

### Prerequisites

Before you start testing, sign-up for a wallet:

1. The sign-up process depends on your digital wallet provider. Learn more from the [Dependencies](#Dependencies) section.

> 2. If you want to use a test wallet, the sign-up process is quick (within minutes).

Reviewer 2: Based on the thread yesterday, it seems like the process is no longer quick, because it mimics GateHub's production KYC steps. I believe the main difference is that with test, you don't have to wait for identity verification (and it's not real money 😁)

   - Setup and manage your wallet accounts, currencies, balances etc.
   - Obtain the wallet address or payment pointer for your digital wallet.

### Test Playground

Use the [Web Monetization playground](https://webmonetization.org/play/) to quickly create the conditions of a monetized website in a playground area, to use only for testing purposes.

When you add a wallet address or payment pointer to the playground, it is added as a receiving wallet on the playground.  
So, the playground behaves like a monetized website on which you can use the Web Monetization extension to pay.

On the playground, you can add a wallet that uses real money from a real wallet, or you can add a wallet that uses “play” money from a “test wallet”.

**Important**

1. The playground itself is not web monetized. We do not receive any payments from you if you use this site.
2. The playground becomes monetized when you add one or more receiving wallet addresses to it.
3. If your Web Monetization extension is connected to a real wallet, then your extension will facilitate payments from your real wallet (i.e. real money).

> 4. Similarly, if your extension is connected to a play wallet (e.g. rafiki.money), then the extension facilitates payments using play money.

Reviewer 2: Change reference to rafiki.money

5. If you add your own wallet address to the playground, and then use the extension to pay the playground, you are paying yourself.

### Test Data

This section lists websites and wallets that you can pay using the Web Monetization extension.

#### Use a test wallet & play money

> If you have a [test wallet][testWallet] address connected to the extension, then you can use the Web Monetization extension to pay with "play" money. You have two options:

Reviewer 2: I think there's supposed to be a link here. It appears as [test wallet][testWallet].

Author: I've decided to remove this "Use a test wallet & play money" sub-section for now. 
**Reason**: Use of the new test wallet application's wallet addresses is still sparse.

> If you have a [rafiki.money](https://rafiki.money) test wallet address connected to your extension, then you can use the Web Monetization extension to pay with "play" money. You have two options:

Reviewer: I see some links are reference often in this document. We can use markdown footer links here

```suggestion
If you have a [test wallet][testWallet] address connected to the extension, then you can use the Web Monetization extension to pay with "play" money. You have two options:
```

and at the bottom of the file:

```md
[testWallet]: https://rafiki.money
```
Or, with a title:

```md
[testWallet]: https://rafiki.money "rafiki.money"
```

Then when test wallet address changes, we've to update only at once place.

> 1. Visit any of these monetized websites that use a [rafiki.money](https://rafiki.money) test wallet:

Reviewer 2: rafiki.money reference

Author: Cool & addressed

>    - [ahimsakids.com](https://ahimsakids.com)
>    - [alexlakatos.com](https://alexlakatos.com)
>    - [radu.sh](https://radu.sh)
>    - [radu.sh/iframe](https://radu.sh/iframe)

Reviewer: I think it's acceptable to show list of URLs as full?

```suggestion
   - https://ahimsakids.com
   - https://alexlakatos.com
   - https://radu.sh
   - https://radu.sh/iframe (if you'd like to test how it works with iframes)
```

> 2. Visit the Web Monetization Playground, and add test payment pointers. Here are few examples that you can use:

Reviewer 2: Since the previous section listed websites, we should be clear here that these are not websites, they are wallet addresses. "Here are a few payment pointers that you can use to test with." Also, are these still valid considering the change to the new testnet?

> 2. Visit the Web Monetization Playground, and add test payment pointers. Here are examples that you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Visit the Web Monetization Playground, and add test payment pointers. Here are few examples that you can use:
```

   - https://ilp.rafiki.money/interledger-wm
   - https://ilp.rafiki.money/wm-dev
   - https://ilp.rafiki.money/laka_web
   - https://ilp.rafiki.money/wm-receiving

#### Websites and wallets using Fynbos US

If you want to test the Web Monetization extension using real money, and you have a Fynbos US wallet connected to your extension, then you have two options:

1. Visit and pay any of these monetized websites:

   - [jeremiahLee.com](http://jeremiahLee.com)
   - [lifebe.com.au](https://lifebe.com.au/)
   - [storytogo.ca/classroom](https://storytogo.ca/classroom/)

> 2. Visit the Web Monetization Playground, and add any Fynbos US wallet address. Here are examples that you can use:

Reviewer 2: Same comment here re: being clear these are wallet addresses, not websites. Same comment applies to the rest of the sections, where appropriate.

Author: Awesome, addressed.

   - https://fynbos.me/erica

#### Websites and wallets using Fynbos South Africa

If you want to test the Web Monetization extension using real money, and you have a Fynbos South Africa wallet connected to your extension, then you have two options:

1. Visit and pay this monetized website:
   - [www.radu.sh/fynbos](https://www.radu.sh/fynbos)
2. Visit the Web Monetization Playground, and add any Fynbos South Africa wallet address. Here is an example that you can use:
   - https://fynbos.me/makedev

#### Websites and wallets using GateHub

If you want to test the Web Monetization extension using real money, and you have a GateHub wallet connected to your extension, then you have two options:

1. Visit and pay these monetized websites:

   - [storytogo.ca](http://storytogo.ca)
   - [roamancing.com](http://roamancing.com)

2. Visit the Web Monetization Playground, and add any Fynbos Canada wallet addresses. Here are examples that you can use:
   - https://ilp.gatehub.net/276288680/EUR
   - https://ilp.gatehub.net/870065172/USD

#### Websites using multiple wallets

> Whether your extension is connected to the test wallet, [rafiki.money](https://rafiki.money) (which uses "play" money), or Fynbos US (which uses real money), or GateHub (which uses real money), you can use the extension to pay this website:

Reviewer 2: rafiki money

Author: Coo. Done.

| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Extension icon: active (full color), but with a red X                           |
| Opening the extension displays a **rate of pay** slider:<ul><li>On the left, the current hourly rate in the currency of the wallet.</li><li>The default is equivalent to 0.60 USD.</li><li>The remaining balance, updated in near real-time (i.e. every few seconds).</li></ul> | Opening the extension displays <ul><li>This website is not monetized.</li></ul> |

> ##### Pay one-time when extension and wallet have enough funds

Reviewer 2: Small thing.. has not have. "wallet has enough funds"

**Test ID**: 3  
 **Description**: Send a one-time payment to a monetized website when the remaining balance for the extension is sufficient for the payment, and the wallet has sufficient funds  
 **Risk**: R3 (security of funds) and R4 (control my payments)  
 **Preconditions**:

1.  The extension is connected to your wallet.
2.  The extension has a positive remaining balance.
3.  Your wallet balance is equal to or greater than the extension’s remaining balance.

**Steps**:

1. Visit a monetized website. The [Test Data](#Test-Data) section lists monetized websites that you can visit.
2. Open the extension and make a one-time payment of an amount that falls within your remaining balance shown in the extension.
3. Visit a non-web monetized website, such as your favorite search engine. Open the extension to observe its available options.

**Expected results**:  
 | Web monetized websites | Non monetized websites |
| :---------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- |

> | Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick | Extension icon: active (full color), but with a red X |

Reviewer: Maybe we can reference images? Not sure.

```suggestion
| Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick | Extension icon: ![active icon](../../src/assets/icons/32x32/enabled-has-links.png) active (full color), but with a red X |
```

##### Pay one-time when extension funds are insufficient

**Test ID**: 4  
**Description**: Send a one-time payment to a monetized website that is greater than the remaining balance of the extension, while the wallet has sufficient funds  
**Risk**: R3 (security of funds) and R4 (control my payments)  
**Preconditions**:

1. The extension is connected to your wallet.
2. Your extension has insufficient funds. The extension’s remaining balance is lower than the one-time payment you will make.
3. Your wallet has sufficient funds. Your balance is greater or equal to the one-time payment you will make.

**Steps**:

1. Visit a monetized website. The [Test Data](#Test-Data) section lists monetized websites that you can visit.

> 2. Open the extension and make a one-time payment of an amount that falls within your remaining balance shown in the extension.

Author: Thank you, fixed.

3. Visit a non-web monetized website, such as your favorite search engine. Open the extension to observe its available options.

**Expected results**:  
| Web monetized websites | Non monetized websites |
| :------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------ |
| Extension icon: active (full color), with a green tick | Extension icon: active (full color), but with a red X |

> | Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>**A slider**: with the hourly rate of pay and currency on the left, and the remaining balance of the extension’s authorized amount on the right side.</li><li>**The “Send now” button**: attempting to make a one-time payment that is greater than the remaining balance fails with an error: `Not enough funds to facilitate payment`</li></ul> | Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>This website is not monetized.</li></ul> |

Reviewer: We updated some copy in https://github.com/interledger/web-monetization-extension/commit/dfb1229cde073801a3435c6c5829ab5c9ff0b834. Not sure if we want latest copy here or you want to update as a follow-up.

```suggestion
| Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>**A slider**: with the hourly rate of pay and currency on the left, and the remaining balance of the extension’s authorized amount on the right side.</li><li>**The “Send now” button**: attempting to make a one-time payment that is greater than the remaining balance fails with an error: `Insufficient funds to complete the payment.`</li></ul> | Opening the extension displays: <ul><li>This website is not monetized.</li></ul> |
```

##### Disconnect extension

**Test ID**: 8  
**Description**: Disconnect the extension from the connected wallet.  
**Risk**: R2 (user experience)  
**Preconditions**:

1. The extension is connected to your wallet

**Steps**:

1. Open the browser where the extension is installed.
2. Open the extension, and open the settings of the extension.
3. On the settings page, **Disconnect** the wallet.

**Expected results**:  
Once disconnected, the settings page gets replaced by the landing page of the extension, with the following fields displayed:

1. The read-only public key of the extension.
2. The wallet address or payment pointer that had been used for the most recent wallet connection.
3. The currency and value that had been authorized for the most recent wallet connection.

#### Edge Test Cases

##### Partial one-time payment success

**Test ID**: 9  
**Description**: Make a one-time payment to a website that has multiple receiving wallets, where some of the receiving wallets use real money, and some are test wallets that use "play" money  
**Risk**: R3 (security of funds) and R4 (control my payments)  
**Preconditions**:

1. The extension is connected to your wallet.

> 2. Your extension has sufficient funds. The extension’s remaining balance is lower than the one-time payment you are going to make.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't the remaining balance be higher than the one time payment?

3. Your wallet has sufficient funds for the payment.

**Steps**:

1. Visit a monetized website that has multiple receiving wallet addresses or payment pointers:  

>    a. You can visit [roamancing.com/naturallyours](http://roamancing.com/naturallyours/).  

Author: Cool, cool.
